hey see will you wait a go away Carl I'm
very very busy back here top top secret
stuff not for your eyes too sensitive
come on homie wash I said go away Carl I
don't need any friends today thank you
then never some pretty strong drawl
yes my hero Carl he came back and
humiliated me I shall probably turn to
prostitution now where I will be found
dead and broken I am a 28 year old man
whose landlord just helped him down from
a hook from which I had been hanging
from my underwear contemplating my
inadequacy for nearly two hours Oh like
crack look you got to get even homie
what kind of weapons you got I've got a
prototype of a miniature plane oh well
with that plane we gonna go humiliate
Burt
okay cool - man this is ridiculous that
one right up my crack
Berkeley has a sycophantic lackeys do
all his deliveries well we shall hit him
where it hurts the most
bring his mail-order model business to
its knees launch the Red Baron
four to go
only three delivery boys left
pppp
it's the only choice we have
one more in purple ease male owners
apartment is minute
now get her back home in one piece
before she runs out of fuel
what your fuel Carl only half a tank
left
smell it you know that ozone smell
smells like victory
you